hi guys today I'll show you this
intricate hairstyling technique as many
of you have requested on my facebook it
can be used to decorate various
hairstyles and opt in to your taste and
smooth eye starts from taking two
strands of hair from the top inside of
my head I want to tie them into a knot
wrapping the left strand over and under
the right strand and directing its
upwards then I bring the top strands
under the bottom strand derrickson it to
the other side of my head using a bobby
pin I temporarily secure the vertical
strands in place now I want to section a
new strand of hair from the top of my
head and another one from this side I'm
going to merge the top strand with the
left strand and then tie it into a knot
with the rightmost section the rightmost
section should go over and under
previously merged strand being directed
upwards
then we want to bring it answer as a
bottom strand and to the other side of
our head
it's time to secure the bottom strand
with a bobby pin and release the Strand
on the other side after that we want to
merge the two strands together and
repeat a symmetrical procedure on the
other side so I grab some extra hair and
use it to turn out with the merged
section then I'll keep on creating new
knots incorporating extra hair from the
sides of my head
to make it easier to follow here I'm
showing the main idea of this technique
on my hair extensions
blonde strands represents merged
vertical strands while brown ones
represent new strands added from the
sides you can see how outer strands gets
wrapped around the inner strands while
the inner ones always stay vertical
you can choose to pray it's just a
couple of knots or go ahead all the way
down to your neck for a more glamorous
look you could also curl the hair that
is left
once you're happy with the amount of
notes you've created secure the last
merged strand with a small elastic and
after that your hair should look
something like this all the notes have
consumed most of my hair volume so to
achieve a more flattering look here I've
also attached the three widest weft of
my glands and hair extensions for a more
casual look you can also put your hair
into a ponytail let me know which other
hairstyles you'd like me to recreate and
to receive notifications about my new
videos hit the subscribe button and type
youtube.com in that dress bar go to
manage subscriptions on my channel in
taste and take the books under email
with new uploads' thanks for watching
bye bye